
https://codepen.io/lucas-greenwell/pen/pooWyEm?editors=0010


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
      Html that is descriptive for screen readers and future devs. 
     2. What is HTML used for? 
      Formatting
     3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
      Inside of tags.
     4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      The most important heading. Once. 
     5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      img, a.
     6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
      metadata
     7. What is an id? 
      a more specific identifier than a class. 
     8. What elements can I add an id to? 
      any
     9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
      once
     10. What is a class? 
      an identifier for groups of like objects
     11. What elements can I add a class to? 
      any
     12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
      infinity
     13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
      target ="_blank"
     14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
alternative text for images
     15. How do I reference an id?
#
     16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section is supposed to be formatting, div is specifically for style
     17. What is CSS used for? 
styling
     18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{
  
}
     19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
specificity, a unique element could be an id. a group of similar elements would be a class
     20. How do we select classes in CSS?
  .class{
    
  }
     21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p {
  
}
     22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
a way to select nested elements. grabbing nested objects
     23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a{
  
}
     24. What is a pseudo selector?
a keyword identifying specific states
     25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
     26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
     27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transfrom: <uppercase, lowercase, capitalize>
     28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
  border: 1px dotted black;
     29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{
  
}
     30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
*/ comment/*
pwd  
     32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
     33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm, no safeguards
     34. Why should I use version control? 
to safeguard your code, easier to rollback, used in real development
     35. How often should I commit to github?
20 mins
     36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -b
     37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork, invite tl as collaborator, clone, run on your own branch, commit regularly, push all changes back to github

 Stretch Questions

     1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
block elements create a new lline
     2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
it is removed from the page flow; it will never move
     3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
     4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
     5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



    --> 